DEP-2203: Keda enable TLS (#128)
ktech-org/bandstand-charts: charts/bandstand-headless-service/README.md

| kafka.consumerGroup                  | string |                                                            | Name of the consumer group used for checking the offset on the topic and processing the related lag.                                                                                                                                                                                                                                        |
| kafka.topic                  | string |                                                            | Name of the topic on which processing the offset lag. lag.                                                                                                                                                                                                                                        |

> | kafka.tls                  | string | `enable`                                                           | To enable SSL auth for Kafka, set this to enable. If not set, TLS for Kafka is not used.                                                                                                                                                                                                                                        |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| kafka.tls                  | string | `enable`                                                           | To enable SSL auth for Kafka. TLS is enabled by default, to turn it off set this to `disable` .                                                                                                                                                                                                                                   |
```
